Adding `How to write a notebook` section in `CONTRIBUTNG.md` (#305)
atoti/notebooks: CONTRIBUTING.md

  poetry run python tests/execute_notebooks.py
  ```

### How to write a notebook

1. Pull the `master` branch (`git checkout master` and `git pull`).

> 2. Run `poetry install` to be in the latest defined environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run `poetry install` to be sure to work with the expected dependencies.
```

> 3. Create the working branch `git checkout -b <PSEUDO>/<SUBJECT>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create the working branch `git switch -c <PSEUDO>/<SUBJECT>`.
```

> 4. Start jupyter-lab `poetry run jupyter-lab`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Start JupyterLab `poetry run jupyter lab`.
```

> 5. Create the folder and notebooks, add notebooks to process data to the list of untested notebooks, only **notebooks using atoti MUST be tested**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Create the folder and notebooks.
    Add notebooks responsible for data pre-processing to the list of untested notebooks.
    The main notebook using atoti should be tested to ensure users can run them.
```
